The snow is a white blanket. 
The hospital was a refrigerator.
The classroom was a zoo.
America is a melting pot.  
Her lovely voice was music to his ears. 
Life is a rollercoaster.  
The alligator’s teeth are white daggers.  
Their home was a prison. 
The slide on the playground was a hot stove.
His heart is a cold iron.
She is a peacock.
He is a shining star. 
Time is money.
My teacher is a dragon.
Tom’s eyes were icy.
The detective’s face was wooden as he listened to her story.
She feels that life is a fashion show.
The world is a stage.
My kid’s room is a disaster area.
The children were flowers grown in concrete gardens.
Kisses are the flowers of affection.
His words were cotton candy.
Mary’s eyes were fireflies.
John’s suggestion was just a Band-Aid.
The cast on his broken leg was a plaster shackle.
Her long hair was a flowing golden river.
The computers at school are old dinosaurs.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
He is a night owl.
Maria is a chicken.
The falling snowflakes are dancers.
At five o’clock, the interstate was a parking lot.
Books are keys to your imagination.
Her teddy bear was her best friend, never sharing her secrets.
The peaceful lake was a mirror.
Terry was blue when his goldfish died.
The wind was an angry witch.
The ballerina was a swan, gliding across the stage.
Her angry words were bullets to him.
Your brain is a computer.
Jamal was a pig at dinner.
You are my sunshine.
The car was a furnace in the sun.
Thank you so much. You are an angel.
That coach is an ogre.
Ben’s temper was a volcano, ready to explode.
The kids were monkeys on the jungle gym.
The sun is a golden ball.
The clouds are balls of cotton.
Sue’s room is a zoo with fish, a gerbil and a parakeet.
The park was a lake after the rain.
The lightning was fireworks in the sky.
Gary is a mule.
That lawn is a green carpet.
My dad is a road hog.
The stars are sparkling diamonds.
Those two best friends are two peas in a pod.
He is a walking dictionary.
Donations for the popular charity were a tsunami.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
My big brother is a couch potato.
The road was a ribbon stretching across the desert.
The teenager’s stomach was a bottomless pit.
The thunder was a mighty lion.
I am so excited. My pulse is a race car.
The moon is a white balloon.
Toddlers are rug rats.
The stormy ocean was a raging bull.
Her tears were a river flowing down her cheeks.
The detective listened to her tales with a wooden face.
She was fairly certain that life was a fashion show.
The typical teenage boy’s room is a disaster area.
What storms then shook the ocean of my sleep.
The children were roses grown in concrete gardens, beautiful and forlorn.
Kisses are the flowers of love in bloom.
His cotton candy words did not appeal to her taste.
Kathy arrived at the grocery store with an army of children.
Her eyes were fireflies.
He wanted to set sail on the ocean of love but he just wasted away in the desert.
I was lost in a sea of nameless faces.
John’s answer to the problem was just a Band-Aid, not a solution.
The cast on Michael’s broken leg was a plaster shackle.
Cameron always had a taste for the fruit of knowledge.
The promise between us was a delicate flower.
He’s a rolling stone, and it’s bred in the bone.
He pleaded for her forgiveness but Janet’s heart was cold iron.
She was just a trophy to Ricardo, another object to possess.
The path of resentment is easier to travel than the road to forgiveness.
Katie’s plan to get into college was a house of cards on a crooked table.
The wheels of justice turn slowly.
Hope shines–a pebble in the gloom.
She cut him down with her words.
The job interview was a rope ladder dropped from heaven.
Her hair was a flowing golden river streaming down her shoulders.
The computer in the classroom was an old dinosaur.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
David is a worm for what he did to Shelia.
The teacher planted the seeds of wisdom.
Phyllis, ah, Phyllis, my life is a gray day
Each blade of grass was a tiny bayonet pointed firmly at our bare feet.
The daggers of heat pierced through his black t-shirt.
Let your eyes drink up that milkshake sky.
The drums of time have rolled and ceased.
Her hope was a fragile seed.
When Ninja Robot Squad came on TV, the boys were glued in their seats.
Words are the weapons with which we wound.
She let such beautiful pearls of wisdom slip from her mouth without even knowing.
Scars are the roadmap to the soul.
The quarterback was throwing nothing but rockets and bombs in the field.
We are all shadows on the wall of time.
My heart swelled with a sea of tears.
When the teacher leaves her little realm, she breaks her wand of power apart.
The Moo Cow’s tail is a piece of rope all raveled out where it grows.
My dreams are flowers to which you are a bee.
The clouds sailed across the sky.
Each flame of the fire is a precious stone belonging to all who gaze upon it.
And therefore I went forth with hope and fear into the wintry forest of our life.
My words are chains of lead.
But into her face there came a flame; / I wonder could she have been thinking the same?
The light flows into the bowl of the midnight sky, violet, amber and rose.
Men court not death when there are sweets still left in life to taste.
In capitalism, money is the life blood of society but charity is the soul.
Whose world is but the trembling of a flare, / And heaven but as the highway for a shell,
Fame is the fragrance of heroic deeds, / Of flowers of chivalry and not of weeds!
So I sit spinning still, round this decaying form, the fine threads of rare and subtle thought.
And swish of rope and ring of chain /
Are music to men who sail the main.
Still sits the school-house by the road, a ragged beggar sunning.
The child was our lone prayer to an empty sky.
Blind fools of fate and slaves of circumstance, / Life is a fiddler, and we all must dance.
Grind the gentle spirit of our meek reviews into a powdery foam of salt abuse.
Laugh a drink from the deep blue cup of sky.
Think now: history has many cunning passages and contrived corridors.
You are now in London, that great sea whose ebb and flow at once is deaf and loud,
His fine wit makes such a wound that the knife is lost in it.
Waves of spam emails inundated his inbox.
In my heart’s temple I suspend to thee these votive wreaths of withered memory.
He cast a net of words in garish colours wrought to catch the idle buzzers of the day.
This job is the cancer of my dreams and aspirations.
This song shall be thy rose, soft, fragrant, and with no thorn left to wound thy bosom.
There, one whose voice was venomed melody.
A sweetness seems to last amid the dregs of past sorrows.
So in this dimmer room which we call life,
Life is the night with its dream-visions teeming, / Death is the waking at day.
Then the lips relax their tension
and the pipe begins to slide, /
Till in little clouds of ashes,
it falls softly at his side.
The olden days: when thy smile to me was wine, golden wine thy word of praise.
Thy tones are silver melted into sound.
Under us the brown earth / Ancient and strong, / The best bed for wanderers;
Love is a guest that comes, unbidden, / But, having come, asserts his right;
My House of Life is weather-stained with years.
See the sun, far off, a shriveled orange in a sky gone black;
Three pines strained darkly, runners in a race unseen by any.
But the rare herb, Forgetfulness, it hides away from me.
The field of cornflower yellow is a scarf at the neck of the copper sunburned woman
Life: a lighted window and a closed door.
Some days my thoughts are just cocoons hanging from dripping branches in the grey woods of my mind.
Men and women pass in the street glad of the shining sapphire weather.
The swan existing is a song with an accompaniment.
At night the lake is a wide silence, without imagination.
The cherry-trees are seas of bloom and soft perfume and sweet perfume.
The great gold apples of light hang from the street’s long bough, dripping their light on the faces that drift below, on the faces that drift and blow.
From its blue vase the rose of evening drops.
When in the mines of dark and silent thought / Sometimes I delve and find strange fancies there,
The twigs were set beneath a veil of willows.
He clutched and hacked at ropes, at rags of sail, / Thinking that comfort was a fairy tale,
O Moon, your light is failing and you are nothing now but a bow.
Life is a dream in the night, a fear among fears, / A naked runner lost in a storm of spears.
This world of life is a garden ravaged.
And therefore I went forth, with hope and fear / Into the wintry forest of our life;
My soul was a lampless sea and she was the tempest.
That child is a bear when he is sleepy.
The dancer was a graceful eagle taking flight.
This pie is heaven!
You are my sunshine!
The book was an addiction-I couldn't put it down.